DAN KUSO: After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan interspace
and forced us out, things took a turn for the worse
in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home,
so we could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made Members of the Castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
THEME SONG: What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all!
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside!
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan!
[music playing]
[grunting]
SID ARKALE: Take care of him, will ya?
Don't worry about the rest of us, Ren.
Just do what you have to do, OK?
[grunting]
REN KRAWLER: Sid!
[music playing]
I feel--
Tell me.
I feel really confused now.
But Barodius put you there in the first place.
Join us, Ren.
Please.
[music playing]
I need answers.
DAN KUSO: Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Dharak Colossus.
[music playing]
Now, Coredem!
[laser charging]
[explosions]
[music playing]
Careful, Hawktor!
Don't worry, I see them.
Hold on tight.
Ability activate!
Particle wave!
[explosions]
[music playing]
This is gonna be a nasty one, buddy.
Aquos squadron, you take the left flank.
Ventus squadron, maintain position.
How much longer do we have to wait for Exokor to be ready?
Hey, mad scientist, how about a little help here, huh?
Don't call me that!
I'm doing important work here!
Stop interrupting me!
Ho ho, touchy.
I'll be done soon.
Prepare to be amazed!
[beastial screams of pain]
Are you ready, Dharak?
Just say the word!
[music playing]
[chair gliding backwards]
What can I do for you?
[music playing]
Forgive my intrusion, sire, but there's
something that I need to ask.
Why were Sid, Jesse, Lena, and Zenet
punished for their failures, while I was spared, sire?
I don't get it.
[growling]
I was the one in charge of them, yet none of the blame
fell on me.
Instead, I received special treatment and access
to your private quarters.
[music playing]
What is your point?
Well, your highness, each of my teammates
pledged their loyalty to you and Gundalia just as I did.
So why am I the only one left standing?
[music playing]
I can only assume that it has something
to do with the forbidden power that Linehalt
is supposed to possess.
I've been entrusted with guarding Linehalt since I was
a child, and still I don't know the first thing
about these powers.
Even though I've spent this last little while above ground,
it still feels like I'm stumbling
around in the dark, Emperor.
EMPEROR BARODIUS: Pay attention, Ren.
Look at the desolate wasteland Gundalia has become.
This place is just as hopeless and depressing as the
underworld in which you live.
[music playing]
But you have the power to change that, Ren.
Not only for yourself, but also for the rest of Gundalia.
Don't cloud your mind with silly questions.
But sire--
I mean it, Ren.
No more questions.
It is crucial to the success of your mission
that you listen to and obey my orders.
[music playing]
Do this, and I promise you your life will be better
than you ever dreamed, Ren.
[growling]
[mechanical sounds]
Ren?
[beastial screams of pain]
Time for the final stage.
Commence fusion right now.
[beastial screams of pain]
[music playing]
[electrical sparking]
What do you think, Dharak?
[music playing]
DHARAK: I can't wait to try it out.
Emperor Barodius, you'll be pleased to know I've
completed Exokor's upgrades.
Well done, Kazarina.
Time to go, Ren.
Your destiny awaits.
[music playing]
[sounds of battle]
What's that?
Something bad!
[music playing]
Emperor Barodius will be here soon.
Clear a path to the second shield, now!
[whoosing noises]
This should be fun.
I can't wait.
ALL: Bakugan brawl!
GILL: Bakugan stand!
Rise, Pyrus Krakix!
AIRZEL: Bakugan stand!
Rise, Ventus Strikeflier!
KAZARINA: Bakugan stand!
Rise, Haos Lumagrowl!
STOICA: Bakugan stand!
Rise, Aquos Lythirus!
[manic cackling]
Looks like we got a battle royal sitch.
Stay sharp, everyone.
Huh?
[music playing]
Hey, it's King Cockroach.
What is he doing here?
[music playing]
Ah man!
Ren, don't do It!
[music playing]
Sorry.
[grunt of frustration]
I don't know what else I can say to you, Ren!
You want to hang with creeps, I guess that's your choice, so
no more talking!
If you want to fight, then bring it on!
[music playing]
Why don't you sit this one out and watch?
Perhaps you might learn something.
Right, Dharak?
[evil laughing]
[music playing]
[electrical humming]
Ah!
[music playing]
This guy is big, and he packs a punch.
Watch yourself.
No sweat.
We can do this.
Are you ready, guys?
Ready.
Dan, ready.
Rock and roll!
[repeated musical stings]
I want you to all meet Dharak Colossus!.
[everyone yelling]
Victory will be ours, Dharak.
DAN KUSO: We can't let them destroy the shield, Drago.
[music playing]
Cool as the rude dude.
I totally got this.
I will destroy you.
That's what I want to hear.
Go get him!
[powering up noises]
Wow!
Those are some big sardines!
Oh, man!
Akwimos!
Hold on, Akwimos!
[music playing]
[beast roars]
Outta my way!
Let's try something different.
Ready Gigarth.
[music playing]
Battle Gear boost!
Oh, yeah!
[music playing]
Ready Rock Hammer.
Battle Gear boost!
[music playing]
[yelling]
Battle Gear ability activate!
Gigarth Pointer!
Here, fishy fishies!
[music playing]
Battle Gear ability activate!
Rock Hammer Battle Element!
[music playing]
So that's how you want to play it?
Battle Gear Boost!
[music playing]
[sounds of upgrading]
Battle Gear ability activate!
Razoid Charybdis!
Prepare to hurt!
[yelling]
Don't run!
There's more where that came from!
[crash from behind]
Huh?
What do you want?
[music playing]
It's my turn now.
Ability activate!
Deadly inferno!
[yelling in pain]
Awkimos!
Coredem!
This looks bad, dude!
[music playing]
Ability activate!
Bolting Fang Slug Shot!
Whoa!
Ability activate!
Sky Hanging!
[music playing]
Take it easy.
These things don't come off, you know.
[grunting in pain]
Aranaut!
I'm here!
We need to help Hawktor!
Ability Activate!
Spiral Glowdown!
[music playing]
[yelling in pain]
You're going to pay for that one.
[music playing]
Thanks, Aranaut.
I owe you one.
Any time.
Ability Activate.
Tidal Foehn!
[grunting in pain]
[wolf howls]
[music playing]
Battle Gear boost!
[sounds of upgrading]
Battle Gear ability activate!
Barias Gear Lightning!
[music playing]
[laser noises]
Shun!
Hawktor!
Ready Battle Crusher.
[music playing]
Battle Gear boost!
[sounds of upgrading]
All right, Battle Gear Ability activate!
Battle Crusher Duke!
[music playing]
[laser noises]
How useless.
[yelling]
He-- He's so strong!
[music playing]
Ah man, there's no way I'm gonna let them take
down the second shield again!
You'll stay out of my way if you know what's good for you,
boy.
Ability Activate!
Darkness Waver!
[laser noises]
Hold on.
Ability Activate!
Evil Blow!
[music playing]
Ability Activate!
Particle Wave!
[electrical noises]
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Don't celebrate yet.
Huh?
Why not?
[music playing]
Because it's gonna take a lot more than that to take me down!
[evil cackling]
Battle Gear boost!
[sounds of upgrading]
[music playing]
Battle Gear Ability activate!
AirKor Zayin!
[weapon charging]
Say goodbye!
[beastial roar]
[music playing]
[yelling]
Dan, no!
[grunting in pain]
Ren, if you wanna fight us so badly, why are you just
standing there doing nothing, huh?
It's not too late to change sides,
but you better do it quickly, 'cause I'm about to thrash
your mighty Emperor!
[music playing]
Oh no!
Kick it, Drago!
Ready Cross Buster.
Battle Gear boost!
[sounds of upgrading]
[music playing]
Battle Gear Ability activate!
Cross Buster Neo!
Pathetic.
Dark Circle!
[electrical humming]
[music playing]
Steady.
[electrical humming]
[music playing]
What?
[beastial roars]
Chew on that.
What now?
We fight back even harder!
Let's finish this!
Ability activate!
Blaze Fernum!
[music playing]
[beastial screams of pain]
Ability activate!
Thunder Probe!
[electrical noises]
Engage!
EMPEROR BARODIUS: You're no match for Darkness Waver!
[explosion]
[music playing]
Huh?
[grunting in pain]
Hm That was easier than I thought.
Is it over?
Huh?
PYRUS RUBANOID: That's up to you, Ren.
Don't let Sid's sacrifice be in vain.
Huh.
[yelling]
Ren, remember what Dan said about the darkness?
But Barodius put you there in the first place.
Join us, Ren.
Please.
[music playing]
Well done, Dharak.
Now destroy the shield.
As you wish.
[music playing]
Pay very close attention, Ren.
This is what true power looks like.
Ability Activate!
Huh!
EMPEROR BARODIUS: Westwall Gazer!
[electrical noises]
[beastial roars]
[laser noises]
[music playing]
Got a plan?
Of course.
Ability activate!
Blaze Reflector!
[music playing]
[electrical noises]
This guy is strong!
Hold on!
[music playing]
[strained grunting]
Dan!
Drago!
Don't give up, Drago!
You got this!
[electrical noises]
[pained grunt]
Drago, wake up.
Huh?
[music playing]
They broke through it!
[evil laughing]
When will you learn?
My power is absolute.
Resistance is futile.
Ren, you've pledged your loyalty to me.
Now put your words into action.
Crush these insects, and I will reveal the secrets
of Linehalt's forbidden power.
[grunting]
Drago.
You've got to wake up, pal.
Are you sure, Ren?
I don't have a choice, Linehalt.
LINEHALT: OK then.
[music playing]
Please, buddy, say something.
Huh?
Ren.
[wind blowing]
[music playing]
Ah!
Hm.
This should be entertaining.
[music playing]
Ah, Ren.
Why?
Just get it over with.
I have finally chosen a side!
[explosion]
What are you doing Ren?
Ah!
[music playing]
What I should have done from the start.
I am fighting alongside my true friends.
[music playing]
Well, this is an interesting development.
It appears Ren will be punished after all.
[music playing]
REN KRAWLER: Ever since I was a child,
my people were forced to live underground in the darkness.
Then one day, I was offered a chance
by the Emperor to finally know what life in the sunlight
was like.
I thought he was being kind to me, but I was wrong.
He was only doing it for his own selfish motives.
Then Dan reminded me it was the Emperor who banished
my people in the first place.
How could I be so foolish to fall for his lies?
We're fighting back now.
Tune in to see Linehalt and I turn the tables on Barodius.
Bakugan Brawl!
Time for payback, Linehalt!
[theme song]